<h1>Project Structure:</h1>
  <h2>openapi_files:</h2>
    <p>
      This folder stores the configuration files for the autogenerated api client used in react. 
      There are several commands within 'package.json' which automate the generation:
    </p>
  <h2>package.json</h2>
    <p>
      This file defines several commands used to build the project.
      <ul>
        <li>
          npm run gen_react_js: compiles react javascript (within website/assets) to format usable in templates (stored in website/static/js). 
          The configuration can be found in 'webpack.config.js'
        </li>
        <li>
          npm run creact: alias for above command.
        </li>
        <li>
          npm run gen_api_schema: generates the schema used when creating the openAPI code.
        </li>
        <li>
          npm run gen_api_client: generates the openAPI code.
        </li>
        <li>
          npm run del_api_client: deletes the openAPI code
        </li>
        <li>
          npm run link_api_client: links the openAPI code to node_modules
        </li>
        <li>
          npm run unlink_api_client: unlinkes the openAPI code from node_modules
        </li>
        <li>
          npm run rebuild: regenerates schema and openAPI code, relinks libraries, and compiles react javascript. 
        </li>
      </ul>
  <h2>piedmont_native_plants</h2>
    <p>This is the base Django project and houses the primary configuration settings in settings.py.</p>
  <h2>website</h2>
    <p>This is the main app and houses the primary functionality and code.</p>
    <ul>
      <li>assets: stores react code (webpack.config.js would need to be updated with each addition unless an automatic way is found.)</li>
      <li>migrations: Django database migrations</li>
      <li>static: stores compiled react code, css, images, etc. </li>
      <li>templates: Django templates (html webpages)</li>
      <li>tests: stores python tests</li>
      <li>views: stores application views (controller logic)</li>
      <li>models.py: stores database models for Django's Object-Relational-Model system</li>
      <li>permissions.py: stores custom permission classes for the API.</li>
      <li>serializers.py: stores the JSON serializers to convert the models into JSON for the API.</li>
      <li>urls.py stores the url configuration for the app.</li>
    </ul>
<h1>Running</h1>
    <p>Once all the dependencies are installed, you should be able to run the server with: python manage.py runserver</p>